Metasploit User Interfaces and Setup
Although the Metasploit Framework
is preinstalled in Kali Linux,
the postgresql service that
Metasploit depends on
is neither active nor
enabled at boot time.
We can start the required service as we
would any other common service:
We can also enable the service
at boot with systemctl.
With the database started, we
need to create and initialize
the metasploit framework
database with msfdb init.
Since Metasploit is under
constant development,
we should update it as
often as possible.
Within Kali, we can update
Metasploit with apt.
We can launch the Metasploit command-
line interface with “msfconsole.”